>> Steve Kinney: My
superimportantwebsite.com is
currently located in Virginia.
We are currently in Minneapolis,
that is not super far from Virginia, but
there are places that
are farther from Virginia.
And so getting this website
will take longer from England,
it will take even longer from Melbourne,
it'll take even longer from Mumbai, right?
The further you are from Virginia,
the longer it will take.
There's not only just physical distance,
but it's not a straight line.
It turns out that the Internet is
in fact a series of tubes, right?
[LAUGH] And you do need to go
through all of those tubes and
all the network stuff in the middle
to get to the actual thing.
Yeah, and because of physics.
One other thing I wanted to point out
real quick is CloudFront is also good
because when you make a network request,
you go through the public tubes, right?
You go through the Internet.
CloudFront is also really useful for
APIs and a whole bunch of other things,
cuz Amazon has their own series
of private tubes, right?
And once you've connected to CloudFront,
if you're trying to get any other Amazon
resource, it is faster for Amazon to go
through its express lane to get stuff than
it is to go through the public Internet.
So you might choose to even put your APIs,
which you don't really cache,
right, behind CloudFront as well, cuz it's
basically an express lane for doing that.
But we're focused on frontend apps today.
So a way to solve the problem where an app
is slower in Melbourne than it is in DC,
is to just move the app closer to people,
it's like an elegantly simple solution.
Being far from a server makes it
take longer, how do you solve this?
You move the servers closer to the people,
right?
And we did it, so our solution, cuz you
could try and be really strategic, right?
I've done metrics, I know that most
of our users are in Germany, so
I'm gonna get a data center in Berlin,
neat.
With CloudFront,
you can just put it everywhere and
you don't have to deal with that.
All right, so this, it's a little
faded on the projector right now,
this is a chart of all of
the CloudFront edge nodes.
So when I say everywhere, I don't really
mean everywhere, I mean these places.
In fact, the two in South Africa are new.
I actually had to change the slide a few
days ago because those were just added.
I'm gonna show you some
matrix in a second,
I actually had to update the matrix
slides too because the response times
was really slow when I first did all
the metrics for a response time.
And then, when I ran it again, because
there's CloudFront nodes there now,
it's fast, right?
So this graph is perpetually out of date,
so
if you're watching this later,
there are probably more nodes.
But there's a lot of them,
there's one in Minneapolis,
there's one in Denver,
they're all over the place.
Cool, so
this is my S3 version of the site,
as you can see, that was in Virginia.
And not so
bad in the Eastern United States, but
not even so great on the West Coast.
Red definitely in Alaska, and
then you can see, what is,
I can't actually see what Denver is
cuz it's covered by another one.
But you can see what looks around
Boston to be 14.3 milliseconds to get
that first byte,
is 250 in Southern Australia, right?
As well as South Africa,
so on and so forth, right?
So the further we get away,
the worse it gets.
So this is the same app.
This is the app we're currently using,
the previous version, right?
So what happens when we
move it to CloudFront and
move it out to all those edge nodes,
this is how the data changes, right.
You can see that now in western Austrailia
it's 2.64 milli seconds, right.
That is roughly, it wasn't even
showing up on the previous one.
But sometimes we're seeing it almost
a hundred time improvement, right.
Just simply by moving it closer to people,
so I think this is super interesting and
you can see, obviously you can
run this test a few times.
You'll get slightly different numbers so
I would pay more attention to the colors.
But we can see we went from a lot of red
as soon as we got far away from Virginia
to pretty consistent green
throughout the world, right?
So very easy performance win that you
don't need to do a lot of work for, right?
It's I would argue that there is no
reason why you shouldn't be using a CDN.
Other cool things is you
get HTTP/2 out of the box.
What is HTTP/2?
It's the second version of HTTP, come on.
Why is that important?
So with HTTP/1 basically,
you could make a single request and
get a response back, right?
So okay, I wanna get this JavaScript
file or this image asset, so on so
forth, right?
You'd request one, you get it back.
Browsers cheat a little bit,
they can open up up to six simultaneous
connections to the same domain, right?
Which is why an old tactic
was to take your assets and
spread them across many domains.
So browsers have a hack where they'll
open up six connections at a time,
and then people decided that to
lay a hack on top of that hack.
Where they would spread it out
through multiple domains so
they'd get another set of six, right?
And then they reuse those connections,
there's a whole bunch of trickery.
With HTTP/2, you can open up
one persistent connection and
it can basically send you pieces of all
the files you want at the same time.
The browser can get them all
under a single connection,
there's no more of this trickery and
hackery.
It's just basically, we're gonna stream
you the JavaScript, the CSS, and
all the stuff at the same time.
You get it all, put it all together and
you're good to go, right?
So by definition, HTTP/2 has wide browser
support at this point and HTTP/1 is
a fall back in CloudFront for those that
don't that's why we kept that box checked.
So you'll see a performance gain
not just from moving it closer, but
you'll also be able to get them
those bits even faster as well.
There's a little bonus too which
is remember, really early on in
this workshop, I talked about how
we pay for every request to S3.
CloudFront caches this stuff
at the edge nodes, right?
Which means the first person to hit
that South African edge node be,
I don't know, I've never seen
superimportantwebsite.com before, right?
So then it goes through
Amazon's private tubes, right?
And it finds that file, but
then it caches it in South Africa.
Which means that if a second
person requests that file,
we don't ask S3 for it again, right?
Which means, you're now paying
less to S3 because many fewer
requests are actually going to S3, right?
And the requests to CloudFront
are way cheaper, right?
So it turns out you're getting
a big performance gain,
you're also saving some money, right?
If you were hosting your own server,
those are requests that are not
going to that server at all.
So if you're worried about being
web scale, [LAUGH] it's easy,
if the request never
made it to your server,
your server doesn't have to support
nearly as many scaling issues.
So it's why it might make sense for
certain things to even again, for
more than just S3, CloudFront might be
a really great choice worth looking into.
At Sun Grid we have geopods which is
effectively a reduced set of that for
our back end services.
We have a few mini data centers
that do roughly the same thing, but
we will likely switch to
this as we move to AWS.
Cool, we talked a little bit about
headers and the fact that by
default they are ignored, right,
and this is to improve caching.
If you homogenized your requests,
you can treat them the same,
which means you can cache.
The more headers you let through, the more
different versions of that request
there are, and so you could have to hit
one of each one before you're cached.
However, there are the headers
that you normally have,
CloudFront adds a few,
you just need to actually whitelist them.
Before you saw the drop down,
it was none and it improves caching,
keep that one on, right?
But CloudFront added some interesting
ones that when we get to Lambda@Edge,
you can kind of explore,
that might be useful.
So these are the ones that it adds, I
think there's one additional one which is
what protocol, by the way HTTP or HTTPS.
But it'll add the whether or
not it's a desktop viewer, mobile viewer,
the space on the user agent string.
A smart TV viewer, a tablet viewer or
from a particular country, all right?
CloudFront will let you say, no one from a
given region, so you might be that's mean.
But depending on if you
are a media service,
right, you might only have
contracts with certain countries.
One of the things I'm kind of interested
in doing is trying to maybe when we fully
support internationalization looking
at the viewer country, trying to take
a guess on which set of language is
to load first in that case, right?
You should go by their client
preferences in JavaScript cuz just cuz I
am in Norway does not mean
I a speak Norwegian, right?
But in terms of which ones
you might pre-load or
something like that,
being clever with that.
These are ignored by default but
you can add them to the whitelist, and
when we get to Lambda@Edge,
you would have them available to you.
One would argue if you do responsive
design correctly, you don't need these,
but yes, totally.
But you could theoretically
intercept requests for
JPEGs and send smaller JPEGs
to mobile devices, right?
There's interesting things
that you could do here.
Probably all of them
are somewhat a bad idea, right?
But again, falls under the, we're not
gonna really cover it but I am going to
expose this to you in case there is
an interesting use case that you have.
I don't wanna shadow it away.